Well, I think if you're referring Thio the folks with PhDs, for instance.
So these air oftentimes, you know, the clinical psychologist or
the people who are in academic positions. Um, so, you know, maybe not
even just PhDs. But like people who have graduate degrees in psychology,
Um, I think you're generally looking at people who are coming
from, you know, a fairly wealthy, you know, socioeconomic status group.
Andi and I don't think that that's unique to psychology. I think
that that's true of all fields that e mean, just demographic information
or data shows that the higher the level of education generally
you're looking at, ah, higher socioeconomic status background. So
So I think that that's just kind of typical of the educational process
as opposed to a particular field. Um, Other than that, I really don't
feel like I'm qualified to speak to this. Uh, I think that there
is diversity there. Certainly people who, uh, have come from, you
know, not wealthy socioeconomic status backgrounds. Um, but I would
I would be surprised if the majority did not